# Of the Fallen Kingdom

This is a repository for a novel



This story takes place in an inconceivable future. This world is full of ritual and technology that is indistinguishable from magick. The goal of this story is to open the readers mind to the magick of existence and identity (and hopefully also the identity and existence of magick in their own world), and the depths of depravity that can be a result of pollution of the divine spirit. 

It begins in the peaceful worker fields of the "Sheep" people. They are all male. They stand upright, with thick white wool all over their bodies. Their purpose is to work in the fields high in the mountains their whole life, and they truly know of nothing else. They are all male, and are birthed from their mother ship and consider the long hours of toil in the fields a small price to pay for the luxuries they enjoy. They spend every seventh day in awe and worship of the majestic scenery around them, and every seventh night dancing to music and videos played by one giant projection in the sky. They also enjoy romantic partnerships with each other, which Not everyone is 100% content with this existence, and these gray individuals have opinions and advice for the adolescent lambs of the group about attempting to journey out of the control of The Mothership to find a higher purpose for themselves. 

We follow the story of a sheeple {SheepleMain} who is left behind when his community of fellow workers leave on their mothership without him while he was lost in the woods, after escaping from a terrifying cannabilistic ritual performed by the mysterious horned black sheep after being lured into the forest by signs and symbols. This ritual is the reader's first glimpse into the world of the occult, and is the most primal and brutal form of magick in this world, and thus the cause for {SheepleMain}'s journey into the greater world.

After attempting to cross an expansive desert and suffering anxious visions, he wakes in a bustling city, inhabited by a multitude of sentient species (I'm thinking we might even have semi-sentient vegetables that comprehend very little). He is taken in by a kind individual, who helps this sheepish individual assimilate to life in the City of Ruby and Sapphire. She explains that his white wool will be seen as offensive, and spends great efforts to keep up a disguise to hide the fact that he is a sheep, and this disguise allows him to see this world from a unique perspective. 

His journey ultimately leads him to be exposed to the true nature of their world; that humanity at some point in the indeterminate past had been hijacked by the spirit of evil, and twisted into the horror he sees now. That in the beginning, man was created in the image of God, and that image had been hardcoded into the very cells of every individual. At some point, a being that identifies as an interdimensional alien came to life in the minds of half the population, and his followers eventually enshrined his dark spirit into a computer, where it has been secretly manipulating society ever since. It began with religious wars, pitting man against man to spill blood in the service of The Dark Lord. This went on for millenia, whispering paranoia and distrust among humanity throughout the millenia, as man subjugated man in more brutal and effective manner. Then Jesus came, and evil at least had a foe to contend with, and the good side of humanity had a tool to fight back. However, the devil then had to be more devious. It then began to convince man and woman that their affinity for each other was unnatural by putting the sexes at odds, causing internal conflicts not only between nations, but between households (Think the Homosexual Agenda). With the identity of family crumbling, the identity of "human beings" began to deteriorate. More and more individuals came out identifying as animals and otherworldly creatures. Science and technology happily obliged these individuals, altering their DNA at their wishes (Transhumanist Agenda). These agendas were achieved using mass brainwashing and propaganda with technology that would resemble modern social media and entertainment. With humanity enslaved in the flesh prisons of the beasts, the dark lord made a body for his computer, so that he could walk the earth and observe his creation.
